In this video we'll learn how
to login to and navigate around
inside of Video Cloud Studio.
Video Cloud Studio is
a web-based application
that we'll use to manage
our entire video workflow.
To access Video Cloud
Studio open a browser
and go to
videocloud.brightcove.com.
Enter your email address and
password and click Sign In.
I'll start over here on the
left with the Account Selector.
This displays the current
account you're working with.
If you have access
to multiple accounts
you can use the drop down to
select another Video Cloud
account to work with.
Video Cloud Studio is
broken up into modules.
The Media module, the
Publishing module,
Advertising, and Analytics.
I also have access
to the Live module,
so that's appearing
here as well.
The modules you
have access to are
based upon your Video Cloud
account and user settings.
Up here on the right you'll
see product updates, the logged
in user, and this gear
icon provides access
to your user profile, account
settings, user management,
and reports.
Down the right hand margin
you have the ability
to search the documentation and
learn about product updates.
Remember in an earlier video we
mentioned that typically we'll
put out an update to the
product every month or so,
so this is a good way to
actually go in and see
what's been added to the
product, what's been changed,
things like that.
We also have a link here to the
Support forums, the Developer
Center, and a link
to Contact Support.
To access a module, click
on one of the green buttons
or select one of the options
from the Navigation header.
As you can see, the Media module
is where we upload and manage
our videos, we can create
playlists, add them to players,
things like that.
The Publishing module's where
you create and style players,
and generate the publishing
code for a player.
The Advertising module is
where you control and configure
your ad policies.
The Analytics
module's where we can
go in and see how
many views are videos
are getting, which videos
are popular, where people are
watching from, those
types of things.
We'll have videos on those
modules a little bit later.